create Mongo-Db-Cheatsheet and updated readme (#199)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: CheatSheets/Mongo-DB-cheatsheet.md

> ---
> title: PHP CheatSheet
> description: The most commonly used php concepts are given here.
> created: 2022-10-25
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: MongoDB CheatSheet
description: The most commonly used MongoDB commands are given here.
created: 2022-10-26
---
```
